---
title: "Project 2"
author: "Spencer Williams"
date: "2023-07-09"
---

This was my first time using Github with a partner. I was a little nervous at first because I had never done it, but everything ran smoothly. Using the "pull" command was very easy and made me more comfortable with R. My partner and I split the work evenly and communicated well.

If I was to do one thing differently for this project, it would be with our organization. In order to run some of our graphs and statistical summaries, we had to remove the character variable we created with the data channels. With all the different data sets that we created, it was a little confusing when trying to automate our documents to produce the six outputted files. Ultimately, I was able to figure it out, but it came with trial and error many times.

I think the hardest part to me was working on the code after "pulling" from Github. I wanted to see what my partner had done, but also had to look very closely at what he named his data sets and models. With all the different manipulations of the data sets, there were too many names. I continuously had to use the str() or head() functions to view the data before working to ensure I was using the correct one.

My biggest take away from this project is working with a partner using Github. Although I learned more about manipulating data, graphs, and models, this was the first time collaborating with Github. I am more confident in group assignments that I will have in the future. It is very important to leave comments and naming correctly.

Below is our Github Repo and the Github Pages for Project 2!

[Github Rep](https://github.com/sjwilli6/ST558Project2)

[Project 2 Github Pages](https://sjwilli6.github.io/ST558Project2/)
